*: make the expressions of GlobalStats consistent (#18807)
pingcap/docs: partitioned-table.md

### Dynamic pruning mode

> TiDB accesses partitioned tables in either `dynamic` or `static` mode. `dynamic` mode is used by default since v6.3.0. However, dynamic partitioning is effective only after the full table-level statistics, or global statistics, are collected. If you enable the `dynamic` pruning mode before global statistics collection is completed, TiDB will remain in the `static` mode until global statistics are fully collected. For detailed information about global statistics, see [Collect statistics of partitioned tables in dynamic pruning mode](/statistics.md#collect-statistics-of-partitioned-tables-in-dynamic-pruning-mode).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB accesses partitioned tables in either `dynamic` or `static` mode. `dynamic` mode is used by default since v6.3.0. However, dynamic partitioning is effective only after the full table-level statistics, or global statistics, are collected. If you enable the `dynamic` pruning mode before global statistics collection is completed, TiDB remains in the `static` mode until global statistics are fully collected. For detailed information about global statistics, see [Collect statistics of partitioned tables in dynamic pruning mode](/statistics.md#collect-statistics-of-partitioned-tables-in-dynamic-pruning-mode).
```
